c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\publicAutoTutorWebApi.dll.config
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\publicAutoTutorWebApi.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\publicAutoTutorWebApi.pdb
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\MongoDB.Bson.pdb
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\MongoDB.Driver.pdb
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.pdb
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\obj\Debug\publicAutoTutorWebApi.dll
c:\users\qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\obj\Debug\publicAutoTutorWebApi.pdb
C:\Users\Qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\obj\Debug\publicAutoTutorWebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Qinyu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\publicAutoTutorWebApi\publicAutoTutorWebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
